chore: update issue templates (#8769)
terrapkg/packages: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/incident.md

---
name: Incident Report
about: Report an issue with Terra itself
title: '[INCIDENT] '
labels: incident
assignees: ['madonuko', 'korewaChino', 'lleyton']

---

**Describe the Incident**

> A clear and concise description of what is going on. **If you want to report a problem with a package, you are at the wrong place.**

Reviewer: Not requesting changes on this one to make it pure suggestion but maybe this for clarity? 
```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what is going on. **If you want to report a problem with a package, please use the Package Bug Report option instead.**
```
